Reflect spec changes in delegate immediate operand (#178)
WebAssembly/exception-handling: proposals/exception-handling/Exceptions.md

specified by the `try` label. For example, consider this code:

```
try $l0
  try
    call $foo

>   delegate $l0 (= delegate 0)

Reviewer: This is a minor nit, but I liked this better with the comment `;;` (for consistency with the rest of the doc).

Author: Done

`catch`/`catch_all`s of a `try` as a whole and does not target individual
`catch`/`catch_all` within a `try`. Here is another example:
```
try $l0
  try $l1
  catch ($l1)
    try
      call $foo
    delegate $l1  ;; delegates to 'catch ($l0)'
  catch_all
    ...
  end
catch ($l0)
```

Here the `delegate` is targeting `catch ($l1)`, which exists before the
`delegate`. So in case an exception occurs, it propagates out and ends up
targetting `catch ($l0)`, if the catch has a matching tag. If not, it will
propagate further out. Even if the `catch_all` is below the `delegate`,
`delegate` targets catches of a `try` as a whole and does not target an
individual `catch`/`catch_all`, so it doesn't apply.

If `delegate` targets the implicit function body block, then in effect it delegates the
exception to the caller of the current function. For example:
```
(func $test
  try
    try
      call $foo
    delegate 1  ;; delegates to the caller
  catch
    ...
  catch_all
    ...
  end
)
```
In case `foo` throws, `delegate 1` here delegates the exception handling to the
caller, i.e., the exception escapes the current function. If the immediate is

> greater than the depth of the outermost block + 1, it is a validation failure.

Reviewer: Should this be "greater than or equal to"? (or "depth of the outermost block" without +1?)

Author: Hmm, yeah, "the depth of the outermost block" is confusing. I tried to rephrase it to
> If the immediate is greater than the number of block nesting including the implicit function-level block, it is a validation failure.

Do you think it's better?

Reviewer: I think there's still some potential for confusion if someone interprets "number of block nesting" as counting from 1 and not 0. (In the example right above here you might count nestings of `try` and function body as 2, but immediates >=2 are not allowed here) Perhaps it could explicitly say it's counting from zero?

Author: Sorry, yeah, it should change to "greater than equal to". Intuitively the level of nesting is a number > 0 when there's any, and that's what I meant too. I changed it to
> If the immediate is greater than or equal to the number of block nesting including the implicit function-level block, it is a validation failure. In this example, any number equal to or greater than 2 is now allowed.

Author: Oh... now allowed -> not allowed...

If `call $foo` throws, searching for a catching block first finds `delegate`,
and because it delegates exception handling to catching instructions associated
with `$l1`, it will be next checked by the outer `catch` and then `catch_all`
instructions.

`delegate` can also target `catch`-less `try`s or non-`try` block constructs
like `block`s or `loop`s, in which case the delegated exception is assumed to

> propagate to the outer scope and will be caught by the next matching
> try-catches. In the examples, catches are annotated with `($label_name)` to

Reviewer 2: I haven't seen this case mentioned explicitly yet, I think it fits here.
```suggestion
propagate to the outer scope and will be caught by the next matching
try-catches, or rethrown to the caller if there is no outer try block. In the examples, catches are annotated with `($label_name)` to
```

clarify which `try` it belongs to for clarification; it is not the official
syntax.
```
try $l0
  block $l1
    try
      call $foo
    delegate $l1  ;; delegates to 'catch ($l0)'
  end
catch ($l0)
end
```

`delegate` can only target `catch`/`catch_all`s that are below the current
instruction, i.e., it can only delegate downwards. It also targets all
`catch`/`catch_all`s of a `try` as a whole and does not target individual

> `catch`/`catch_all` within a `try`. Here is another example:

Reviewer 3: Nit: Delegate is no longer targeting catch after this change, it simply targets a block. I would perhaps rephrase this accordingly and say that all properties of Wasm's structured control flow labels apply, i.e., you can only target labels of outer blocks.

Author: True, but the example below is, the `delegate` targets `$l1`, which is outside of the instruction because the label is attached to the `try`, but because it is below `catch` so it ends up not targeting `$l1` but rather `$l0`, and this was what I tried to explain. Do you think simply describing that `delegate` target labels of outer blocks can explain this case?

Author: @rossberg Do you still think this needs fixing?

Reviewer 3: I would say s.th like this:

"""
Like branches, `delegate` can only target outer blocks, and effectively rethrows the exception in that block. Consequently, delegating to a specific `catch` or `catch_all` handler requires targeting the respective label from within the associated `try` block. Delegating to a label from within a `catch` block does delegate the exception to the next enclosing handler -- analogous to performing a `throw` within a `catch` block, that handler is no longer active at that point.
"""

Author: Done

```
try $l0
  try $l1
  catch ($l1)
    try
      call $foo
    delegate $l1  ;; delegates to 'catch ($l0)'
  catch_all
    ...
  end
catch ($l0)
```

Here the `delegate` is targeting `catch ($l1)`, which exists before the
`delegate`. So in case an exception occurs, it propagates out and ends up
targetting `catch ($l0)`, if the catch has a matching tag. If not, it will
propagate further out. Even if the `catch_all` is below the `delegate`,
`delegate` targets catches of a `try` as a whole and does not target an
individual `catch`/`catch_all`, so it doesn't apply.

> If `delegate`'s immediate argument is (the depth of the outermost block + 1), it
> is considered to target the function-level block, so it in effect delegates the

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
If `delegate` targets the implicit function body block, then in effect it delegates the
```
